[Music]
today's thing with Ricky Eddie eh Hi at what
point did you think it was a good idea to do
this mm I think that there are people here there are
many people who have not understood eh I
mean there are many people who have not understood
the importance of what
Ricky has done at that moment let's see Ricky from what I
understand now we are going to watch a
video that they sent me at the time but I did not
react to it or anything because we already saw
Lali eh Lali said it in a live and
we saw it and I did not want to either the
next day she makes another video
reacting no a a you want to Browse
safely on the internet and also
access all the content of your
favorite platforms like Netflix hbo
Max or Disney Plus cyberghost VPN And I do
n't know if you know but there is
content that is not available in your country
and with this little trick you can
access all the content wherever you
are I don't know if you know what a VPN is
but it is an extension that you put on your
internet with which it masks the IP and
apart from browsing completely safely and
anonymously without anyone being able to know who
you are and where  you are It helps you access
some content that is
blocked in your country there are movies and
series on your favorite platforms that
are not available there are
television programs for example in media set
content that if you try to watch them outside
of Spain they have a geoblock that does not
allow you Well with cyberghost VPN that is
over Apart from being protected
browsing anonymously you will be able to
access content from all over the
planet you will also have Total privacy
since it keeps your connection private and
protects your data ultra fast speed to
eliminate the lake in any
online game with which you can enjoy live
streams without interruptions and as I have already
told you Freedom to access all the
content on the planet wherever and whenever you
want also Take advantage of a whole 83%
discount using the link that I
leave you in the description of this video and be careful
because you can try Cyber ​​Ghost VPN
45 days without obligation and if you are not
convinced you ask for a refund and they will give you
back your belly So don't wait
any longer to protect your connection and improve
your internet experience run
click on the link in the description and take
advantage of this super offer cyberg VPN
to browse completely free and
safe continue with the video but there is
a  girl who uploaded a video olis
family as you have seen in the
title a very hot video was seen And we
are talking about a youtuber
who is not what people paint him It all
starts with a boy and a girl who have
known each other Since they were young he is from the south and
she is from the North but they connect and start
dating together years go by he becomes a
youtuber he moves to Andorra and they end up dating
he put her in his
videos she published certain super
based tits And then she was overcome by her
community by his community all
that seemed perfect but it was not like that
insult aggressiveness threat she lacked
nothing but everything has an end and she has grown
tired of keeping quiet and has decided to
report this complaint has been filed in
the court of violence against women
in Zaragoza I imagine you already know
who I'm talking about we are talking about alali and
her complaint against Ricky edy she already said it
recently specifically Lali and her
complaint eh Well here is the
full video and more or less it explains the the
girl Andy reveals he explains more or
less How  it's the roll not of the
complaint that has been filed against Ricky For
gender violence, let's see,
obviously I don't know, okay, I mean,
obviously I don't know if everything that
Lali tells is how she tells it Or what it is Or what it is
Or what
this case has contributed, no, I prefer to
be cautious for the moment but more than
anything Bruce a kiss handsome because we already
put the shrimp a bit do you remember
when the Tudor thing Yes, yes, it is filed nic
the complaint is filed Of course, if she
is telling you, she is telling you even
in court that she is, I mean, Ricky is being
reported for for for for Lali, okay, she
has filed a complaint for
gender violence and from what we see, well, there are issues
like, [ __ ] I don't want to see, I don't
know to what extent Ricky is being counted,
she already said it recently specifically in
this video and I would love to be able to say
things but then there are many
legal things going on This is what we saw
and well, even the legal things
And look, if the manipulator Ricky
who made her delete
Telegram conversations from  discord WhatsApp but
well not everything has worked out for him too and
some have been left out there It's good that
anyway he wasn't an
evil genius because you see in what head it fits
that you admit in a video that he has
committed a crime gang become
members the gentlemen are breaking the
ass and the grandfather is going to end up leaving us it's
really worth it and it's
cheaper than a gancito don't get upset about those
Oh and whoever doesn't become a member is a fander
edit what is a gancito gruz a kiss
mamañema mamañema dude but listen to me
em e listen to me What is a gancito a
cupcake Ah okay well Well it doesn't
sound very convincing to me W It doesn't
sound very convincing to me the truth is
you come to me eh telling me to become a
member I mean I don't think that with your
request we will get 100 members the
truth is I doubt it very much if we don't reach
100 if we don't get 100 members today
okay I don't get involved in that [ __ ]
community [ __ ] that you go you know what  I've been
two or three days without getting involved, I don't know how long it's
been, who knows
what you guys have going on? Well, the issue is that Lali
has obviously reported it, the
issue of registering the
cell phone is involved and apparently, well, there are more things,
you talk about Rick and he shits himself, it's a pattern of
issues. I don't think so, Giorgio. I don't think so, I don't think he's
afraid of me, nobody has anything to be afraid of,
but it's true that, well,
this complaint exists, it was already
filed a long time ago, I would say
months ago, in fact, I think it was around the time when
the debates and things like that started going up,
and apart from the
phone issue, which Ricky already recognizes, I didn't
take his phone away to register it, no, he
made him delete his contacts or
block his friends. No, apart from that,
apparently there are bad reactions,
Ricky would have had some
intense conversations with her too, it
's not a joke, Javi, I'm a soldier in
the Dominican Republic Navy, I've been
following you since 2018, I'm 23 years old. Well,
send my regards there. Hey, I already have
who will defend me if something happens to me no
kiss man Thank you very much Anyway
we'll see what happens You
know that justice is super slow I don't
even know if Ricky has
received the complaint yet but but there it is there it is
Okay and Ricky has uploaded
all this Texaco today to uh I understand that to
deny that he was the one who
made up the rape okay let's see
let's read it and we'll discuss it Okay and
we'll listen to the audios that we
published Why do I say that this
seems like a terrible idea to me and I don't understand
why they recommended this to you man
because having a complaint already by your
ex you start leaking some audios that are of
little value or rather it really uh
people are not going to support
Ricky more or less because you publish
some audios to me the audios don't
reveal anything either now we're going to listen to them
okay or rather and it seems to me that this could
complicate the procedure that you have
with her because of course they are audios in which
he is not a participant in the
conversation  these are some audios of Lali with
a friend in which Lali talks about
private matters and you give it a diffusion of
700,000 views at the moment HM I think that of
course I think this can complicate your
life a little but oh well it doesn't
matter anymore no I mean at this point
and he says that it's a bit of a
veiled threat no, what about I don't have more no today after
more than a year of enduring
media criminals
gossip channels unworthy and rednecks in general have
been accusing me of making up a
rape I have obtained
legal authorization to make public the audios in which
my partner confesses that she was the one who
lied about the excessive consumption
of substances that she used to
make up an AB those of the navy
spend s and members it's also true
in the Navy they charge a leg So I don't
think you'll have problems no em let's
see the issue of people telling
Ricky that he made up the abuse because he
wasn't in full because he wasn't in full
use of his at home the week before
and I tell him I found out in this case it's
true because  it has reached me but I want you to
tell me Laura bursts into tears she ca
n't believe that this information has
reached me her head is like it's
exploding and she ends up confirming that there
was sex but that she wasn't
conscious at the time to put you
in context a little bit we're talking about the
day before everything that happened on
Twitter the day before there were very
long intervals of hours in which
I find out about this information and I
torture myself mentally and psychologically I
suppose it's the same trying to
convince myself that it's a lie that
Hi Javi everything falls by its own weight
accusing others without putting
your own affairs in order it's like u What do you
mean Lar I don't understand king but a
kiss they have deceived me that this has not
happened when my partner confirms it to me
but it gives me that point of hey but it's that it
was like this It destroys me
inside because I don't know how to fix this
situation I don't know how to react the
first thing I do is tell her that this
was abuse that if she really
was not conscious or does not remember having
given consent because she was not in
full possession of her faculties that
would be abuse and could be considered
an  rape this would be that laado and
she accepts it she is aware and she
accepts it I mean you tell her she
gives you the excuse that she was purple that she
was very drunk I mean it's not the same I don't
know what you think okay But it's not the
same as your partner coming to you and
cheating on you with the excuse
that he was super drunk I lost my
mind I don't know what I didn't remember I don't know
how much Oh it was abuse okay abuse is that
you uh abuse It's that the girl would have to
find out the next day
or several days later that
there was penetration because she
tells the guy Because a
friend tells her because she tells someone or
because she notices something okay But if the girl
remembers that she has been sleeping
with that guy she wants to meet up with
him again and she's telling her friends that
in conversations that you catch
her with her friends that they lie to her
that they lie to you of course it doesn't seem to me
that she is implying
abuse to me it seems to me that she is
nervous because  you've caught her
conversations and you've found out everything
that she also wants to meet with him again
and continue meeting with him and she's giving you the
excuse that she was drunk I don't know what I don't know
how much you know but anyway now
we'll listen to the audios And you
tell me if you see it if you see it like
Ricky says contextual summary of the
audios during the infidelity she
was in the house in the East it's one
not one two three the three audios okay
one during the infidelity she was
in the boy's house she slept there for
several days and although later you saw her
crying in videos and on Twitter there you can
listen to how much she really cared about everything
and we
don't have any problems in Villa Ricky as
always I'll tell you eh but if anything else it
hasn't affected me at all aunt I'm super
calm Hallelujah we're cool Hallelujah
glory to God Amen Jesus but what if you
want I'll pass it to you come here we'll
see some wine here and then we'll go out
when it's not hot irrelevant or
completely irrelevant that you
publish an audio  that it is not necessary
okay because she is not denying it to you
no no it is not controversial okay And you
are not part of the [ __ ]
conversation to make her feel bad that
later she was crying and in reality she didn't
give a [ __ ] about you Of course if she
cheated on you Ricky we already know that you didn't
matter to her personally I think that
legally this first audio that we
heard would be irrelevant Because
even if she has one where she says eh
or admits that she made up the rape or
something like that it could still be
newsworthy okay or a
controversial fact of what they are
discussing in public but I doubt that
eh personally I doubt it eh two when
I discovered the cheating I left the house and
she took the opportunity to plan a
joint manipulation with her friend creating a
structured script to try to convince me
that she didn't do anything she begs her
friend to leave me Of course she thought I
had left her implying that
in reality she was fully aware that
it was a lie and that she had committed
a gratuitous infidelity she asks her to
exaggerate everything and if you have to swear by
your family do it for both of you please I
ask you request if you have a request
has a duck tail duck feet duck beak [ __ ]
is a duck glasses if Lali lied to you
But you told her that is abuse it is
easy to think that this started with a
tweet from Dallas of course my goodness well
listen to me quite a hypocritical request
considering that he swore to me and
promised me several weeks for the death of
all his relatives that he was
telling me the truth Ha let's see This is the
second audio let's remember what
he says okay when he takes her
cell phone and what she says to him and so on
okay person disappear from my life
forever act as if they never
existed because I have
realized that I did things wrong and well
wrong I saw that myself sir Look
so you can see that no and it is true that he
kept his promise but the
next day I receive another version of more
things that happened it is very different from what
Laura had promised me and Sworn
That it was the reality that involves a
sexual relationship it reaches me from another place of
course I fall into shock because I
completely expected that this had not
come to that because well
testimony of swearing of such from Look I
delete  everyone so you can see that
this stays here and involves that I
do the same thing to Laura that I did at her
house the week before and I tell her that I
found out in this case it's true because it has
reached me but I want
you to tell me Laura bursts into tears she can't
believe that this information has reached me
her head is like it explodes and she ends up
confirming that there was sex but
that she wasn't conscious at that
moment to put you in
context we are talking about the day
before everything that happened on
Twitter the day before there were
intervals of hours laru simos in
which I find out about that information and I
torture myself mentally and psychologically
I suppose it's the same int Ja I left you
info of a lawsuit that they will file against
Maricel Centeno by the Olimpia law I left a
link to the clip and capture in the community
of the salseria a greeting to her Marifer they are
going to denounce her by the Olimpia law
trying to convince me that it's a lie that they have
deceived me that this has not
happened when my partner confirms it to me
but it gives me that point of Hey but it
was like this  It tears me apart
inside because I don't know how to fix this
situation I don't know how to react the
first thing I do is tell her that it was
abuse that if she really
wasn't conscious or doesn't remember having
given consent because she wasn't in
full use of her faculties and that
would be abuse and could be considered
rape this would be that she has been
raped and she accepts it she is
conscious you can corroborate it now
without then don't say no no you have forced her to
think what they have done no no she
realizes that since it happened without
her remembering details of any of
this it means that she has been abused and
when the first thing she accepts that
since it happened without her remembering
details and so on she accepts that it was
abuse I personally believe that the one who
ASSUMES and sells it in that way is him that
the occurrence is his okay let's see let's
listen to the audios the second audio please tell him that
when please tell him that
when all that happened that
like he was angry with me
and that and that he told me that he never wanted to
talk to me again and such that I
went to your house uh that I  I started crying
like I wanted to die because I thought
that he had left me like that you
make it clear that I was sure
that he had left me like me that I
cried to you like he left me he left me he
left me I don't know what about you I
exaggerate everything and And if you have to swear
by your family do it for God I ask you and and that and that and that and that and that and that since I
was so bad and I wanted to die I took
drugs and that then what
happened happened please tell her that when like it
was here she is not telling
the friend that it is abuse wait two let me go
Of course she thought he
had left her it is being
implied that she was fully aware that it
was a lie here not given
abuse or in other words here she is
telling the friend to tell her is that
she was convinced that they were not
cheating because she was not with him
how do you understand it are trying to
hide the cheating of course here she is
saying is you tell her that I
was completely convinced that I
had broken up with him and that is why  I took drugs
and well I took drugs and what
happened happened because I was very purple it's not the
same as excusing yourself in eh Hey, hey, many
times maybe when we're very
drunk it doesn't have to be
unconscious eh or you get high then you do
things that you wouldn't do if you weren't
drunk you understand me drunk then you
say more nonsense or yes you can get
involved with someone okay I
know a thousand things but but it's not No there's
nothing like a hottie here Well let's
listen to the third one that maybe the
third one yes there what I'm hearing
in that second audio is that she's
justifying the horns But well uh
the third one her friend told me that [ __ ]
but I didn't believe it my ex asks her to
continue the story to make me feel
vulnerable and confused as well as he
specifies if she asks you what I tell you
what I told him that I was involved in since
as you will remember at that time
her testimony defended that she had
consumed many different drugs the
night of the incident and that's why she didn't remember
anything also asks her to tell me that
she refused to do anything with the boy
Because after I read the  testimony of the
kid a minute before it was clear to me that
she acted spitefully and
voluntarily man how are there people who are
believing this I mean look what he has
written here Look what he has written here
after I read the testimony of the kid
minutes before it was clear to me that she
acted spitefully and voluntarily
then Ricky or so He reads a
conversation where he sees that she acts
voluntarily and then she comes and
says no because she was very drunk that I do
n't know what that I don't know how much and that and that
I wasn't with you and he says Well
this has been an abuse okay And she
accepts it I'm going to pass and at the last
minute there are 7000 people who have
liked this tweet no Or they haven't read
or they haven't listened to the audios and they have
said yes eh So to get out of
this a little bit I told him that I had been
fully drugged To get out of this a little bit I
told him that I had been fully drugged
and that I had told him that he was
attractive and all And that I didn't remember
anything that I thought I had kissed
him but that I  I remembered nothing
I need for God's sake for you to talk to him and
tell him that I called you having an
anxiety attack because I'm home alone and
blah blah blah blah blah and for you to
please tell him uh that you were just doing
poppers and that I was going Full HD no if he
asks you what I'll tell you what I
told him I was doing okay but uh And what
and you tell him please you tell him that we
played that game of questions and
that yes I told him that I found him
attractive but when the part about
us having to kiss came up Oh my
word is going uh It was going to happen and at
the last minute I said no because I
remembered Ricky and I said no no no no no
and that and that I fell
asleep on the couch uh Because yes about the
stinking thing that he had and that and that then he
moved the mattress under the window
because the fan had broken and he
was sleeping there because it was too
hot and that's it please tell him that nothing
happened Tell him that nothing happened dude what the
[ __ ] did I say no uh Because at what
moment  these audios and you the aunt has
been unfaithful to you Of course the aunt has
been unfaithful to you very badly and all that but
she doesn't make things up she doesn't make things up
that you fall in your mouth she doesn't make things up what the [ __ ]
man there are 7000 people 7000
people have given this a like taking
for granted what
Ricky said In any case these audios
show that she is terrified of him damn it
sounds like she is
very scared of Ricky Not exactly what I just
said katuki just what I just said
is this kid has no iq dude he
is an alliance Javi whatever
you want but that he can't
publish those audios that don't justify
anything those audios but those audios are
before our truth yes of course one is
when she is sleeping with him and another
is before well during the
argument she has with him those are the other
two But Javi is always right the
King of salsa kiss jorgo 7000 people
have liked it saying uuu an inda  rechi they
funneled him for less cold face
neutral face but but man you
have understood it's cinema he just
immolated himself and doesn't realize face crying
with laughter or in other words the potato is
denouncing him for gender violence and the
best idea that occurs to him is to
take some audios in which he is not a
participant at all because right now it
is not viral nor is it newsworthy nor is
this subject being talked about God man what are you
telling me but you have
understood you have understood that
there she recognizes that she invented an
abuse to deceive him you have
understood please don't lie to me
Eduardo a kiss also it was that he
made her denounce Tudor Yes that was
his thing that he had a grudge against Tudor and
all that stuff but look at you that
Tudor was convicted of
gender violence how do they convict him of
gender violence man and kick him out of the dorra for
that [ __ ] for getting into this problem
man when it is an issue that man I was not going
to denounce you no man ignore the turkey
this is hiding the  infidelity does not
mention abuse she does not mention
abuse at any time she is not
admitting to making up abuse in those
audios man and there are people I do not understand he
cheats on her they stop following each other she
tells him she was drugged he answers
that it was abuse period He does not believe her But he
uses her to play the victim
exactly pans a kiss he did not think of getting
back with her because he does not believe her in
fact he exposes her to his followers He deletes
the photos with her from Instagram and all that
stuff and when Dallas starts
making a video Then he takes her to
Andorra and starts with the whole
our truth thing the tser and all that man does
anyone really think differently than me
the ard de Troya has linked that to Tania
saying that there are mother my goodness that
false reports exist mother I
personally believe okay I personally believe
that this is going to complicate the
procedure for him eh someone thinks
differently than me and understands the audios eh
Like someone caught Alali someone someone
thinks differently than me can you send me an
audio in case we have not caught something you
understand it in another way or whatever
Lali has reported it  Lali has
reported him for gender violence Well, she
has reported him for several things but
of course since he is an ex-partner it goes through the
woman's court and you already know how it goes
But who publishes that without consulting
first no no no no he says that they have
given him consent to publish it in the
end Ricky He is not the brilliant streamer
that we all thought who thought he
was brilliant Pili I don't believe that a
lawyer would recommend something like that Look, as
much as it may not be that
anything will happen to him for publishing the audios, okay
because there are times when
even if you are not participating in
the conversation, if one of the parties has
given you permission, it is a newsworthy event, it is
a public dispute, anyway, there are
times when depending on the judge Well, maybe he will
not condemn you
Nothing happens, but if you have a complaint for
gender violence, your lawyer is not
going to recommend that you make this
move He is not going to recommend it to you, the
lawyer is going to recommend that you stay
put and mention it, not
mention it, avoid it man, if you have to
deny something by balls Ricky
has enough money  to find a
better legal advisor is that I do not
understand it, I do not understand who
advises her, I do not understand this, I say that they are
going to condemn him eh I am not saying that they are going to condemn him
or that they are going to condemn him
for but of course This expands the
complaint, this expands the complaint, do you
understand why he is going to report this
to the, he is going to put it in but let's go 100% It's that
this is not Why did you bring this up today
if this was not an issue today, nobody is
talking about this anymore, man, if they have
filed a complaint against you at this moment
that you have to defend yourself from that
complaint, the lawyer is not going to
tell you to publish three audios of her where you
are not a participant, he is going to tell you to stay
still, try not to mention her Even if
she mentions you, okay, let's see, let's watch
this video all year long, father,
much less get back with him, God forbid
God forbid what people don't
understand is that man, you have stuck
with one version, I think it's great,
stick with that version if you want, but
leave me alone,
man, leave me alone  to me dude believe what you
want I don't care I don't care
what you believe but leave me alone it's
been a year and two months and you won't let me
live bro What
the [ __ ] is this crazy dude you guys are really
bored you have very little life and very
little personality to believe this is what
a youtuber tells you well look one
thing I'm going to tell you I'm going to let it out like this I
couldn't say it but I'm going to let it out
eh more than one thing it's a very
screwed up issue Lali can use this in court
in her favor it's an extension of the
complaint let's see in fact Miare
tried with Dallas eh I understand that the
permission will be from the girl who was talking to
Lali now she must be on Ricky's side
because if not who knows how
the audios got to her but any crime that
an ex-partner reports against you they take it to the
gender violence court and if you
already have an open case I understand not not
that you are convicted but that you have
a complaint it gets into the same it gets
into the same Of course yes Of course but
let's go 100%  eh I'm not saying that they're going
to condemn him I'm making that clear okay we'll see
what happens next year they'll
surely have the trial and all that
because these things don't go as slow
as the right to the you don't see But eh
but I'm that he's going to use it and that it's going
to and that it's going to give him headaches
100% I think that I think that Ricky is not doing
very well eh I think that Ricky is not doing
very well it happens that his ego is ahead
of his legal defense Anika I
also think that what happens is that he hasn't
reached it Because if we're talking about that
this was posted when the debates were
because here it's clear here it says
throughout the year and this is not a video of
throughout the year throughout the year
and now but yes this video let's see
if all this is from now all these from
the last two months No gentlemen, we have
n't seen these videos of the law
here live this was after
the debates and this one too this one let's go
this was from one day and this other one I think it
was two days later we have seen them
here and it says up here throughout the
year now let's see what the
difference is between one video and another eh more than one
thing is that it is a very difficult subject but
that person to whom Idol has spoken so much in the past
about a subject that he shouldn't have
spoken about because he has no idea and
in a little while it will come to
light and you'll see You'll see that you
believe people who defend people
that they don't even know and defend things
that are not right and then you will have
to agree with me And surely he will
eat his words and repent
so that they do not eat him but
you'll see and that's it and I
would love to be able to say things but then there
are many legal things going on and
well, even the legal things
[Music]
first, wallon The legal thing and
then we'll see. We live 5 minutes apart. Hi
Ricky, you told me in a call that I would
never be able to afford to live in
Andorra. Here I am, we are neighbors, we can
meet for a coffee and we talk
things over and the problem will end, which I know will
not happen. I know that will not happen.
How do you retain those audios if you are not
there?  in the com Put the other person noar
eh small parenthesis I don't do it to
hit them or do anything bad to them that they
are my special of these two and they are
going to say that I want to beat their
faces nothing to do with it I am saying it
seriously Because I am fed up with a [ __ ]
year monetizing a [ __ ] lie that
even if what he says was true it's
been a year Ricky it's been a year and you're
still talking about me you have your girlfriend next door
normal guy who has to do
Twitch playing the [ __ ] victim has to be
fed up with hearing about
me it's that I understand it
My poor thing but leave me alone and don't
involve me in your [ __ ] anymore And
well that's it for the statement I'm
so sorry I never talk like this for
stories but it's that Real who just
opened an eye and I've already seen the [ __ ]
[ __ ] you play the victim
Amanda really honey what is that I
am admitted to the [ __ ] hospital for
this issue do you understand that it's that if we
start playing the victims I have
barr my life I have a while and and This  it
was in response to a day when
Ricky and his girlfriend said I don't know what I don't
know how much and that she's telling you to
have a coffee to work things out
and leave her alone I personally
don't know or rather Listen to me I and we
don't know I think he's not well advised
Ricky eh Javi you would want to have this
chick as a neighbor I do
n't care I don't particularly like her or
anything like that And
obviously she's a potato who has
put the cuos on the other one let's see if you
understand me I mean I'm not defending
alali either you understand me I
'm not defending alali obviously you
don't understand me I mean the chick has
put the cuos on Ricky you understand me eh
but but the one who invents the abuse
to fight with Dallas and to
justify it and all that stuff but it
's not even to fight with dala I mean
he makes it up to
justify himself so that his ego doesn't
get damaged that he's been cheated on
but that it's been a  abuse you know
and then he if you believe in your girlfriend and you
believe that she has suffered abuse you don't
start exposing her to your followers
like put a tweet and put a thread and I'll
unfollow you and I'll remove your photos from
Instagram so that everyone so that
you pay the humiliation for having done
this to me let's see if you believe that you have
been abused he doesn't make her go through that
because you think she is a victim of abuse you
understand me I mean he didn't believe in her he did
n't believe that she had been
abused he acted like he supported her and
believed her to continue with her when
Dallas started doing vde what's up it's awesome
that you change your life for a
youtuber for Dallas you understand I would
n't change my life for Dallas or
for anyone here on YouTube if I
want to leave my wife I leave her not in
case a youtuber makes a video for me I'll contradict him
Oh finally he
made a video this doesn't make sense and I do
n't I'm not defending Ali it's that Ali has
been unfaithful you understand things are not
done  so but let's assume that he
wasn't the one who proposed the bus thing he's
acknowledging that he already knew it wasn't
true and he exposed it as valid on his
channel to save himself Sure sure Look eh
after I read the kid's testimony
minutes before or rather when he takes her
cell phone away he reads her conversations
and the kid okay or is it when the kid
contacts her because there is one there is a
moment in which he says that he didn't know
that there was penetration until later he
receives a version that could be this no
this it could be that the kid you told him
and he says Hey I slept with your
girlfriend it wasn't clear to me that she acted
voluntarily out of spite so
if it was clear to you I don't understand then the
charade let's say yes I understand what happens that
you don't recognize it I had the
impression as a child that those who wore
glasses were intelligent Ricky and cript
bru are the proof that it's not like that put the
photo of bru Now it seems with Indira I
cry attacks and directly towards me Laura they
only mention you in interviews or
debates where they use you as an attack or they
ask me about my status after what  it
happened You're completely alone And you've
moved to a country you hate 5 minutes
from my house to keep having me around
after I left you You used the
idea of ​​being my partner to profit by
making explicit sexual content
instead of giving an explanation of why
you made up an abuse He wanted to
report me to make me lose my
work residency, that is, he knows You don't
spend the day looking at my stories with a
Face account and you show up completely
alone in the places where I go out in my
private life to harass my group of
friends and partner You send your friends to
spit on me in other countries This is
Lali's friend who is a pawn You
threatened me Amanda, which is why you've been
reported for more than a year Potato roll
Potato roll We already have many
experiences with Ricky Amanda God this was
written by Amanda this was written by
Amanda I am making this public because I think it's
something that you should all know and that
both Ricky and I have been keeping quiet
For a year I had no intention or
interest in getting involved in this matter
but since she takes the liberty
of mentioning me, rebuke  There it goes a
week ago Ricky's started crying to me
for stories a kiss pans and I would like to
tell the things that she has been doing
trying in the last year she tried to
falsely denounce Ricky in Andorra
to make him lose his residency and screw up his
life let's see we will see
falsely because it is clear here in
Andy's video what he comments was in
the bathroom to hit himself that's true
Lali as soon as she makes a mention it is short
about Ricky you can see that he has some control
over her also Ricky mentions that he
locked himself in the bathroom to hit himself that
's true she admits it what is
going to happen now well the first thing they are going
to summon Vicky to go to the court in
Zaragoza to testify she can refuse to go
and if she does not go the court will present
a restraining order or in other words a
search warrant so that as soon as she sets
foot in Spain she has been taken to testify What
happens if she does not come to Spain the trial
continues And if the prosecutor asks for a sentence
less than 2 years it can be held without
him but then the sentence is certain and
What happens when you live in Andorra and they
sentence you  for gender violence
elsewhere in this case in Spain Well as
soon as the Andorran authorities find out they
kick you out so nothing whatever
comes to ri on top of him well no little
H you pimps with the girls and that you don't give a damn about anyone well
sometimes it can't go well
I think that I think that in Andorra the
nothing more than he is accused nothing more
than the fact that they accuse you
Apparently there is a conversation but apart from that it's not that there are
conversations it's that there are
Public tweets from Ricky messing with Ali
Look if he hasn't deleted them I'm missing a TT
dude Well look we have this for example
your ex-girlfriend is a worthless [ __ ] filthy [ __ ]
and you are a [ __ ] loser
wake up and move on believe me I know
what I'm talking about But there was more eh The what the one who
says places look spent months
looking for apartments right next to Ricky's house
To move as close to him as possible he
shows up in person every
single time I go out partying
this has happened many times on some
occasions showing up completely alone
at 4 in the  tomorrow dancing at the
bar closest to my group of friends and
obviously my partner when he does it
starts following us through the rooms of the
venue but this would be a thing
this has to have videos and cameras
of the establishment if it's true if
someone pays attention even
some times my friends have told me that she
was taking pictures of me recording me
when someone in the group has to go to the
bathroom she tries to bump into me or block the way
to look for interaction the last time she
pushed me going up the stairs and I
insulted her she tried to throw a drink on
Ricky and made up that a friend of hers
was flirting with her when in
reality The guy called her everything as
soon as he saw her enter the room because he
knew the story and hates her he
attached an injured cat that he took in without
telling Ricky in his house For a year that the
animal was there Ricky still has
an 800 litter box that he bought for her so that she would
have a mother when Ricky left her she
approached she remembered the cat and went
crazy trying to contact him
Laura has been reported in Andorra since
2023 for harassment and threats that I cannot
publish  since he was so cowardly that he only
dared to publish them on best
friends and I'm sure he would report me
if I showed them and honestly I am
surprised that someone in their right mind
gave him a residence card
knowing his territory and dedicated to
what he does being in this country is
his personal trophy so that Ricky believes
that he sees him everything is going well and to make him
feel that he has her close she lives 5
minutes away from Ricky she is a 20 year old girl
from Zaragoza who has no business
in Andorra Ricky never talks about his
ex-partner being with me let's see what he
publishes [ __ ] my mother aunt Laur I
know you're going to read that even though you
blocked me from everywhere Sunday and see
that shitty tit Amanda López
my love show it some atrocity that you have had to
put up with from me show it so much
that you talk show it done the same Let's see
what atrocity you have had to put up with
from me a year has passed and they are still behind he
is your boyfriend he is your boyfriend who keeps
talking about me that I  I swear aunt I
understand that it bothers you I understand that it
bothers you that your boyfriend constantly mentions me
but don't hold me
responsible for what others do what
others do with their lives
is not my fault let me live let me
live the one who has been
putting up with messages for a [ __ ] year of I wish he saw you
I wish he died Jai Andorra is huge everything is
c Everything is 5 minutes away let's see there
man here Amanda just made a
pretty strong accusation I mean if there is a
pile a kiss if there is the same thing your
Doro said and lost the trial no no I'm not from the
legal issue of the complaint she
filed against Ricky I'm cautious because we
also thought that Tudor was going to be
released and they convicted him we don't know
what could have been contributed what the judge could have seen
that we didn't see Okay and
here the same thing Let's see if there is a complaint
for harassment from a year ago and I understand that
if this has happened in clubs and such and I'm
supposed to believe
someone's words says K Ricky He's
handsome no thanks and become members
guys it's very cheap  wale they don't
pay attention to you eh There's not going to be 100 members
Here tonight and there's not going to be a
community Let's see the problem we
have is that I already have Ricky, I
already have an experience, man, if he has
put it in my face to bother you,
you dirty pig, I if he has put it
here in our faces, if we have already seen
what he said about the restraining order
of the complaint about dla that the
police stations were closing to the TR and that's why d
yes I could enter Andorra I had a
restraining order the back debate
all the What a mess with the
confidentiality agreements it turns out that he
was giving the ball to support the other one and the one on
the motorcycle, of course then that she
Amanda c of course what Amanda is saying here
is very serious, I mean, she is crazy
lost more ara lost if Laura
is doing this it is harassment
obviously if Laura is doing
this she is showing up in places
to bother him it is harassment but man I
understand that there will be something no or you go to
the police station and report it for your balls she
has to  there's something no videos of the place
videos of friends so of course here right
now we have Ricky's word
against the other one who is being reported
who is reporting Ricky and in that
report apparently there are
conversations apart from
Ricky's confessions that we have already seen in public
so what can I tell you and dear stop
talking about me your boyfriend stop
talking about me your boyfriend How many videos are there
on YouTube of me talking about him that I have
talked about live because my
[ __ ] is swollen and I have said four things Well yes
but the thing is that your boyfriend has been a year and he has
done a podcast with I don't know who
talking about me a debate with Dallas
talking about me too please
please don't jump on the victim bandwagon now of I have put
up with atrocities
from these two don't involve me don't involve me and
don't make things up of course it's very
strange to me eh [ __ ] It's that I don't
believe anything about Ricki dude really I mean I'm sorry
and maybe I'm not very objective on this
subject eh I admit it I am not very objective
on this subject but the thing is that I already
have experience with Ricky  that I have and you guys
have it in for me dude it's just that I don't
believe this guy it's just that I don't
believe anything that comes out of him dude let's see
and I mean Lali has been going to
the places where they are partying
with their friends for a [ __ ] year eh showing up blocking
the way provoking insulting
pushing her and they haven't said anything until
today they haven't said anything in any of the
debates in any of the podcasts in
any of the interviews such a
big thing because [ __ ] it's very big no I mean it wouldn't be that I mean imagine that imagine that
I uh imagine that Win
michu is coming to all the places
where I am with my friends if I had
friends he is coming to my Neighborhood and
Win michu sits every day in my
Neighborhood and looks at me he provokes me he
pushes me I'm not going to go out here
telling it man [ __ ] what am I doing if I Cueto
that it doesn't make sense is that no no I don't believe it that I do
n't believe it that
obviously if it's true then it's a
thing and already the crazy list but of course
I don't believe it  Ricky You can't
believe him even with the Bible in hand it's that
we already have the experience with Ricky man the
problem is that we already have the
experience with him what is it they ignore your
[ __ ] expensive wale they ignore your [ __ ]
expensive let's see mik came up a kiss a kiss
mik let's see it's that wale wants us to
get into the Twitter community but
I don't know if I'm going to get into the
Twitter community The truth is I feel a
little bit of deo the last time I went in there was
almost 1000 people man are you sick the
last time I went in there I came out shotgun
you want us to go in tonight there's that I
don't know the
truth Oh
[Music]